Create GitHub issue and pull request templates (#942)
delta-io/delta: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-issue.md

---
name: Bug Issue
about: Use this template for reporting a bug
labels: 'bug'
title: '[BUG]'

---

## Bug

### Environment information

* Delta Lake Version:
* Spark Version:
* Scala Version:

### Describe the problem

#### Observed Results:

<!-- What happened?  This could be a description, log output, etc. -->

#### Expected Results:

<!-- What did you expect to happen? -->

> #### Relevant Code/Logs:
> 
> <!--
> Code here to reproduce the problem. Include any logs or source code that would be helpful to diagnose the problem. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached.
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Further details

<!--
Include any additional details that may be useful for diagnosing the problem here. If including tracebacks, please include the full traceback. Large logs and files should be attached.
-->
```

---
name: Bug Issue
about: Use this template for reporting a bug
labels: 'type:bug'

---

## Bug
**Please attach [Bug] to the title for bug reports**

### Describe your environment/System Information

> * Data Lake Version: _____

Reviewer 2: Perhaps specify "Delta Lake version" vs. "Data Lake Version"?

* JVM version: _____

### Describe the problem

#### Steps to reproduce:

1. _____
2. _____
3. _____

> #### Observed Results:

Reviewer: Could you commit this please?

* What happened?  This could be a description, log output, etc.

> #### Expected Results:

Reviewer: Could you commit this please?

* What did you expect to happen?

> #### [Contributing](https://github.com/delta-io/delta/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md):

Reviewer 2: +100

- Do you want to contribute a PR? (yes/no):
- Briefly describe your candidate solution(if contributing):

> #### Relevant Code/Logs:

Reviewer: I commented somewhere else on this, but I actually liked that section and wanted to change this one instead. Could you add it back as I requested in another comment? I added a suggestion to change this section to be more general and not overlap with "Steps to reproduce"

> #### Relevant Code/Logs:

Author: @allisonport-db 
> I commented somewhere else on this, but I actually liked that section and wanted to change this one instead. Could you add it back as I requested in another comment? I added a suggestion to change this section to be more general and not overlap with "Steps to reproduce"

I think we can let the users to attach a screenshot/text files of the error log here. Maybe something like `Supplementary Code/Logs`

---
name: Bug Issue
about: Use this template for reporting a bug
labels: 'bug'
title: '[BUG]'

---

## Bug

### Environment information

* Delta Lake version:
* Spark version:

> * Scala version:

Reviewer: Let's move this section below "Describe the problem" and above "Willingness to contribute"

Author: Ok.

### Describe the problem

#### Steps to reproduce

> <!--

Reviewer: Could we add a note like "please include copy-pastable code snippets if possible."

Author: Ok.

---
name: Bug Issue
about: Use this template for reporting a bug
labels: 'bug'
title: '[BUG]'

---

## Bug

### Environment information

> * Delta Lake Version:

Author: Okay, done.

### Environment information

* Data Lake Version: _____
* JVM version: _____
* Delta Lake Version:
* Spark Version:
* Scala Version:

### Describe the problem

> #### Steps to reproduce:

Author: Okay.
